---
title: "Previous editions"
# bg: '#63BD2F'
bg: biominablue
color: white
fa-icon: step-backward
style: left
---

An overview of the previous editions can be found here:

## 2018

### Friday 23rd of February 12:00-13:30 CMI G.015

* **Dries Van Rompaey** - UAntwerpen: Examining the cytokine TSLP through molecular modelling ([slides](pdf/driesvanrompaey_2018-02-23.pdf))
* **Dr. Youzhong Liu** - UAntwerpen: Wine fluorescence data modelling: Toward a universal PARAFAC model ([slides](pdf/youzhongliu_2018-02-23.pdf))
* **Charlie Beirnaert** - UAntwerpen: Tinderesting: harvesting export knowledge in a childlike manner ([slides](pdf/charliebeirnaert_2018-02-23.pdf))

### Friday 30th of March 12:00-13:30 CMI G.015

* **Prof. Willem Talloen** - JnJ: Reality checks can help against drowning in data and algorithms ([slides](pdf/wtalloen_2018-03-30.pdf))
* **Wouter De Coster** - VIB: Human whole genome sequencing on PromethION: an unprecedented resolution of structural variants ([slides](pdf/WouterDeCoster_2018-03-30.pdf))

### Friday 27th of April 12:00-13:30 CMI G.015

* **Dr. Conor Meehan** - ITG: Phylodynamics of pathogenic mycobacteria ([slides](pdf/cmeehan_2018-04-27.pdf))
* **Stijn Wittouck** - UAntwerpen: Comparative pangenomics of *Lactobacillus* species ([slides](pdf/stijnwittouck_2018-04-27.pdf))

### Friday 25th of May 12:00-13:30 CMI G.006

* **Prof. Niel Hens** - UAntwerpen & UHasselt: Evidence-based vaccinology: on how mathematics and statistics can be used to better understand the spread and inform the control of infectious diseases
* **Joe Ibrahim** - CMG: Identification of methylation biomarkers in cancer using 450K array methylation data

### Friday 29th of June 12:00-13:30 CMI G.006

* **Dr. Pieter Meysman** - UAntwerpen: T-cell receptor sequence mining and you!
* **Lennert Verboven** - UAntwerpen: Number of effective drugs in the short course MDR-TB regimen ([slides](pdf/lennertverrboven_2018-06-29.pdf))

### Friday 26th of October 12:00-13:30 CMI G.004

* **Prof. Hannes Svardal** - UA: What genome sequences can tell us about evolution ([slides](pdf/hsvardal_201810.pdf))
* **FWO-SB applicants** - UA: Several Uantwerpen PhD students will give a brief overview of their Bioinformatics research proposal in the format of a five-minute pitch presentation

### Friday 30th of November 12:00-13:30 CGB U.026

* **Dr. Justin J.J. van der Hooft** - WUR and UCSD: Improved small molecule structural annotation by exploiting biochemical and biosynthetic relationships ([slides](pdf/JJJvanderHooft_Antwerpen_2018.pdf))
* **Danh Bui** - UA: Detecting Unexpected Patterns by Clustering ([slides](pdf/btdanh_detecting_unexpected_patterns_2018-11-30.pdf))


##  2017
  * [2017](pdf/poster_2017.pdf)

##  2016
  * [2016](pdf/poster_2016.pdf)
